Fetched dataset don't conflict when saved back (#774)
inrupt/solid-client-js: CHANGELOG.md

- Added documentation about the `contentType` option for file writing/saving functions.

> ### Bugfix
> 
> - Saving back a dataset you just fetched no longer ends with "412: Conflict".

Reviewer: Just to remain consistent with the rest of the changelog:

```suggestion
### Bugs fixed

- Saving back a SolidDataset you just fetched used to result in a "412: Conflict" error.
```
